Explain that people outside organisation cannot view any teams. (#21925)
github/docs: data/reusables/organizations/types-of-team-visibility.md

- Visible teams can be [viewed and @mentioned](/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/#mentioning-people-and-teams) by every organization member.
- Secret teams are only visible to the people on the team and people with owner permissions. They're great for hiding teams with sensitive names or members, such as those used for working with external partners or clients. Secret teams cannot be nested under parent teams or have child teams.

> People outside the organisation cannot view any teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
People who are not members of the organization cannot view any teams.
```
